[Music] I
wanted to touch on the topic of the
code of ethics, no, it's
the news of the day, the new Mediaset code of ethics
puts Sálvame on the ropes,
okay, here we have some news
from around the world where they communicate it, no,
Alessandro comes out, the new CEO has
established new rules for
workers and programs
after the revolution
revealed last Friday about
Mediaset's veto of 13 of its most
famous face, which, well, we have already
learned that there are not 13 but
that there
are many more. I mean, the list. Apart from that,
not only is it not
only on the list as such and
that it expands, it's also that by vetoing
those characters, whether you like it or not, you're getting
rid of others, you're also getting
rid of others, too,
the next step comes the content and
the ethical principles that govern
its workers and its programs from today,
this is strong, okay, I don't know if they
've published anything specific here in the world, it
says it will
affect all employees,
collaborators, clients, suppliers and
third parties that maintain relations with
Mediaset Spain,
okay, I do
n't know if they put the rules here,
look, does it
make you  a bit of a summary No here
also something happens TV gives you like a
small summary of the most
important part its presenters and
collaborators must refrain from expressing
opinions,
preferences or political comments
within the program, it will
only be allowed in the politics section
Ana Rosa or similar well We are going
to read this directly from the ethical code
because we have it family because we
have it okay I am not going to read it all
obviously there are many pages but it can be
summarized in this that we have seen that
publishes something happens no that this is about something
happens for me it
is more than clear no that it has
very direct contact with Mediaset they do not
have a very direct relationship with
Mediaset no because the things they publish
are
very direct well very direct from
Mediaset no So I have the
ethical code of Mediaset are specifically let's
see where the number could be the
number of pages where it is
18 22 pages
22 pages family
22 pages okay but of the 22 pages
the most important thing
and what affects all
collaborators And what we are going to see no to the
change that we are going to see
therefore this ethical code will affect
all employees collaborators
clients suppliers and other third parties
that they maintain professional relations
with Mediaset Spain becoming
part of the contractual body that regulates
their relationship
here you raise a series of issues not
of principles values ​​it also talks a
little about the issue of competition How to
treat the competition
but directly for me
the par also talks about the
internal regulations of the stock market for me
this is
a very abrupt and very full change
I do not know if this strategy in the end
is correct or not I mean I do not know if
this strategy would have been better than having
done it little by little
guiding principles in entertainment programs
entertainment programs are just that
entertainment and therefore
this is the same summary that the same
summary that would have done something happens TV
but I would like to see it with more words
for my interpretations no
its collaborating presenters
should refrain from expressing opinions
preferences or political comments
within the program The only exception
will be given by those programs that
have a specific section of
political news but except in this
section the rule is the same or in other words this
means that Jorge Javier
can no longer give his
socialist speeches in Sálvame and
Survivor and this type of things it is a
heart program it is a
gossip program okay  it's entertainment for
people of all colors and no more
trying to indoctrinate the audience
that if those from boxing have made a hoax that
I'm insulting
older people that if all those from boxing are like that
and you're Hassan okay
tremendous zasca I don't think they comply with that
code no Pili It's not that you
think they can comply with it or not it's that they
have to comply with it, these are the rules of
the network now not of the network of the
entire company okay Of all the
Mediaset networks and that's what there is, they can only
comment on politics in
political debates okay for example Ana Rosa
has a political part then there
Rosa when she is speaking outside of
the political piece there she can't
what I don't know if this would affect
Ana Rosa
in the speech
okay what she does at the beginning of her
program
that's what I don't know Jorge Javier has
gone too far now in Madrid yes
colleague of Pablo Iglesias from this Peña no Let's
see I don't know to what extent Well of
course this is for a person who is
against Jorge politically What
happens is that Jorge Javier
went too far But well one thing is  the
presenter and another thing are the
collaborators Because if I want to make
some kind of
opinion it is that there are ideological opinions
that would not have Why be directly
speaking of politics I can have
opinions about feminism about the
law of gender violence about what it
implies one thing is a thought and
another is not and it would not be talking about politics
per se So I do not know to what extent it would get done I do
not know to what extent I think that
this is more directed to the
indoctrination
that for example Jorge Javier did that
another thing no
other point
another point the presenters and
collaborators of the
Mediaset España programs should not attack or
criticize any other program of the
company or its presenters or
collaborators if a producer,
presenter or collaborator has a
problem with any other producer,
presenter or collaborator of Mediaset
España they will communicate it to any age of
the people who make up the
content area of ​​the company
What does this mean that Jorge Javier
can no longer attack [ __ ] is that
this ethical code goes against sálvame no this
ethical code goes against
sálvame more than anything no I mean this
ethical code is like a regulation to
correct  Save me because in the end
all things
are things
and they will not be able to do them because in the
end This is what I tell you no Ana Rosa
Ana Rosa deals with politics and Ana Rosa makes
Suite Mrs. Rosa has her opinion and
respects all opinions
attacking other chains of other
producers Well this is what
Sálvame is when bulldog does an
interview with Olga Moreno and gives her a voice
when survivor when
[Music]
Sálvame starts attacking Ana Rosa because
Ana Rosa has other opinions and other
different debates
okay or so in the end this Ana Rosa for
example to give you an example okay this would
not affect Ana Rosa Why very
simple Because Ana Rosa for example
when she was giving her opinion on the
Rocío Carrasco docuseries of each episode she
was not throwing down the television factory
or any of its collaborators or
presenters or producers she was giving her
opinion on the content of the
docuseries it is Sálvame that starts
attacking the Ana Rosa program and its
collaborators and even Ana Rosa
because they are questioning
Rocio Carrasco's voice  Well now they couldn't
do it okay now Ana Rosa could
calmly give her opinion on the docuseries
without these people attacking them okay it's
clear she couldn't give her opinion on the
docuseries because now no docuseries would be
broadcasting because Rocio
Carrasco is banned
another point
the presenters of the programs
especially but also the
collaborators do not leave the program
live
except for a justified and previously communicated cause
if they make this decision it will be considered
definitive for contractual purposes
Thank you María José It's that
this ethical code goes to Jorge
Javier
It's that this ethical code
generally works well he enters and leaves the set
whenever he feels like it I think that
Jorge Javier is not long for this
I think that these rules Jorge Javier
who thinks he is the owner of Telecinco
his ego is not going to allow this
how an ethical code changes
the presenters must lead and
order the course of the program they
present, immediately stopping
any initiative by any
collaborator or participant in the
program that could give rise to
obvious criminal or civil liability
This is for sálvame
It's that this ethical code is against
sálvame let's
see  Yes, it is true that this is
complicated. And this is very relative, okay,
because suddenly if I am
presenting a program,
suddenly, also, I am not a lawyer. So
if a collaborator suddenly
defames or I am doing an interview and
that person in the interview
accuses a person of false accusations and
then sues them, maybe I don't know to
what extent. Yes, it is true that more or
less those of us who have been in this
field for a long time, in these things and have been through
trials and such, there comes a time
when you almost become knowledgeable about the
law and the laws. Okay, but more or
less, man, in Sálvame, there have been
occasions in which three or four
collaborators, looking at the camera, for
example, with Carmen Lomana, no, Cerda who You
are a pig, the boyfriends pay for them,
no, Carmen Lomana had to sue
Sálvame, she sued Coto Matamoro, Belén
Esteban, I think it was, and look, Ximénez, they
had to pay her between the three of them
120,000 euros because in two or three
afternoons they would get up from their chairs and
go looking at the camera, Cerda who You are
a pig, I don't know what you know that  you pay
the boyfriends the boyfriends you have are
paid man I think that there
is a moment when the presenter
realizes that they are going a
little too far
So yes, it is true that the
presenter has to Hey please you
know
but I have done it I see it more
in honor of the truth I imagine that you
have a reason and the reasons are very
simple the reasons will be that many
times the presenters even
participate or pinch for these
situations to happen Why Well because
yes because it is cheaper and they do not
care at all No but I think that this
is more responsibility Maybe of the
directors than of the presenter
the director warns the presenter through the
earpiece at most No no it would be
easier to remove sálvame serenada in all
the nail this is something that
I was thinking the other day and I think that
several people have said it
why the [ __ ] and pardon the word
But why the [ __ ] are you going to veto a bunch
of characters
and the new direction instead of breaking
the contract dismantles it with the new
ethical code destroys it from within
Well but it is harming itself
because in the end while  it destroys it
from within it is losing audience and
then it will cost to recover it
let's see
Thanks Joe By the way
[Music]
why do you veto a bunch of characters
and why betas
but veto to the level that you can't
talk about it and such are a lot
of topics that you get rid of with a stroke of the pen that you can't that you ca
n't resort to to
have content
if the problem isn't the topics if the
problem isn't that you talk about Rocío
Carrasco and that you talk about Kiko Rivera
and that you talk about Sofía Sueco and that you
talk about those who are vetoed if the
problem is sálvame
take away the [ __ ] program of
course the problem here is that Basile
renewed Jorge's contract with sálvame they will
also have their contracts not with the
television factory and they have to do it
like this so that this is like when it
seems similar to me like when you
know these situations that surely you have
known someone these
situations in which
a company wants to fire the worker
but has to pay him a lot of severance pay
So he doesn't want to fire him and wants him to
leave Well
something like that
no no  this is loading you save me the
essence of save me and the triumph of
save me is the themes the controversy the
blood that is not cut I remember that
Julian Contreras defined it perfectly
How did Julian
Contreras say here one day
when they can't have Competition no matter how many
other heart programs come out they
can't have competition with those who
are willing to throw themselves into a
pool of gasoline with a few
lit matches something like that he said I don't
remember So the triumph is there
because in the end that sells So
if you put these it's that with all of them
simply with the four rules that we have I mean
simply with the issue
of the banned characters with the
blacklist it seemed to me last week
that she already had it bad save me
there she already had it screwed
but with this I mean I only have
four rules I still have to read a
few more with this save me that's
screwed I mean already with this
save me has gone to
[ __ ] already remove it let's go to the next one
the contents of the program the way  in
which they are addressed and the expressions
used must be appropriate for the
time slot in which the program is broadcast and
the age rating that is perceived. The
failure to comply with this measure
will determine in other consequences the
imputation to the producer of the sanction
that could be received by the
regulatory bodies.
This Norm also goes to Sálvame. I do
not know of any fine that
Ana Rosa, neither Survivor nor Big
Brother, has had for something from the Market Commission.
This is for Sálvame, who has a
protected schedule. Sálvame,
who has a protected schedule and they
have screwed over their protected schedule.
Sálvame what happens is that it is
true that this Norm is going to give them
a bit of a hard time, okay? This Norm prohibits Jorge
Javier from insulting, it prohibits all
collaborators from talking about concerts,
vocabulary no. And in this, in this
sense, they are going to give them a bit of a hard time
because here the only thing they are
telling you is that they fine
Mediaset, the fine is paid by the producer.
So you know that when the issue is
economic,
they give them a bit of a hard time. Englin. Thank you very much.
Personal data will not be revealed.  third party
phone number address
illnesses religious beliefs
sexual orientation
that are not notoriously public nor
will the exhibition of documents
containing this data be allowed
operation of looks let's see apart from the fact that
this is very in
line with solving their problems with
the light operation
basically the rules that we are
reading up to this point that we have
the rules
Okay now then we are going to read something else
that I was telling you I that the
TV factory is going to be indifferent to the
point that we have read before the
vocabularies and the fines and so on
because it is an economic issue but not later
I am reading below that the
repeated failure to comply with these measures can also cause
the contract that they have
with the network to be broken But this in the end
here what they are asking you or rather this
ethical code is basically to comply with the
law it
is not anything out of this world either I mean
basically the ethical code is what it
is asking you to comply with the law and not
commit a crime okay
[ __ ] do not reveal
personal data of third parties or documents that were
going to them it just
came to my head well
anything no when Kiko
Hernández
started saying that Chabelita had gone to
a hospital because she had  bleeding
and what and what and
that he had the medical report in case he denied it, so
basically what they're telling you here is to
comply with the law, that you don't
care about the law because he has money,
identifying data
of minors will not be mentioned, nor will matters that
affect them be discussed, whether or not they are relatives of
any public figure.
Well, let's see, I think that the fact that
identifying data of minors will not be
discussed, nor will matters that affect them be discussed, well, let's
see, matters that affect them either,
as long as they are done with certain standards
of respect, I don't see the problem
either. I mean, this, I think is a little bit
where to direct it. But in the end, you can
talk about how David Bisbal and Elena
Tablada found out because it was the
daughter's birthday and hey, or that they
had a trial because I think in
fact they had a trial because one of
the two, I think it was her, posted photos of
the girl on social media and David didn't
agree and then he sued, I think it was
something like that, no, but well, of course,
who is this also
against? What program do you think this is about?
socialite the TV factory So of
course and save me social and you  socialite I think it
was
Alba Carrillo who sued
socialite was sued by Alba
Carrillo not
everything is from the TV factory it
says no
data will be revealed
image or voice not previously
distorted
address telephone number school or university
where
any victim of gender violence
or bullying studies
if you notice here with the issue of
address I ask myself a question no I mean
no data will be revealed does
this mean that you can no longer go to
the doorsteps of famous people's houses as
I have been claiming here for
a long time, I mean of
course you cannot reveal the
address of the Well of course it tells you
about gender violence bullying it is not
telling you about all the famous people
but as for the addresses of famous people I
already say that that is going to change it will
end up changing over time
finally no
advertising manifestation will be allowed that has not been
previously communicated in writing
by public Spain of course or
basically covert advertising which I
think in fact also They have some
fine not in Sálvame for that I do
not know if any other program I
know one from Sálvame no that they
put like  a fine for promoting
readings or something like that no, I mean
basically the ethical code
Now I read the last part but
basically the ethical code is against
sálvame
and it's not asking you for the ethical code
Nothing out of this world I mean it's not like
the ethical code they have put the
strict no I mean the ethical code of what it
tells you about complying with the law
that you do not do covert advertising that you do not
talk about minors
that you do not campaign and
political campaigns political indoctrination or
censorship of people who think
differently than you that you do not attack
other producers
that you do not slander or defame or
violate anyone's privacy that you do not
talk about diseases or
sexual orientations of people who have not made it
public
that medical reports are not released that
police records are not released
basically This is against sálvame
or I mean basically This is against sálvame
and
what is being asked here is nothing
out of this world I mean I think that this does not It's that what would make
me
ashamed If I were sálvame if they
did me  I needed to be given this
little piece of paper
To ask me, let's go in more
concise words, what she's asking you is that
you comply with the law, she's
not asking you for anything else.
Javi Julia Janeiro is considered a
victim of gender violence at the
moment with a restraining order of Ah
yes, she is
considered, she is considered Ah she
is considered Of course because Irene
Montero passed a law, I remember that
the moment you already report you are already a
victim, even if there is no trial. No, that
happened, no, that was accepted. I ask that, she
accepted because it was a little ridiculous. I
also tell you, let's
see, basically it's an ethical code
against Sálvame
and basically what she's asking of
the, I mean, this, I think that for example,
programs like Ana Rosa and others,
when they received this paper, they will have
said, well, basically, comply with the
law and that's it. I have my doubts about whether it
affects, I have
my doubts about whether this affects the
speech that Ana Rosa makes at the beginning of
her program. That's where I have my
doubts, okay,
then the rest are technical things.
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
This is going to last two newscasts. Look, the
move is the next one. I'll read you. The Move
in the  next I read you
tell them
the failure to comply with these measures
as a breach of contract will
determine, among other consequences, the
imputation to the collaborating presenter and
in any case to the producer of the
possible sanction that the company could
receive
of the possible compensation to which it
could be sanctioned as a result of the
corresponding administrative
judicial process, of course, let's see here what it is telling you
is not that harsh either, the rest of the
ethical code is the entry into force, in short, from
such as from which the
ethical code is valid
on January 30, 2023, anyway here
basically the ethical code
is telling you is not that harsh either. I mean, it
is not at all harsh. In fact, the
ethical code, what it is telling you, the
ethical code is to respect the law and not to
be a save me,
okay, I mean, there is nothing harsh about it, what it is
also telling you is that if there are
people who break the law, whether for
advertising issues, from the
market commission, for inappropriate language at the
airport, woven, for slander, for
insult, for violations of
honor or privacy, what the
responsible okay For example if
a collaborator
insults Carmen Lomana Carmen Lomana
Insol files a lawsuit and
Mediaset is civilly condemned, he doesn't pay,
Mediaset pays the collaborator With this
ethical code they have already washed their hands
okay normally the
collaborator is condemned and in a bad way the
producer too quite a few times I think they have
condemned Mediaset as such,
Mediaset no I mean I have always seen
that collaborators
or producers are condemned yes there are some
occasions in which they have condemned I know
as such but few very few normally it goes
to the collaborator
and the producer normally in
fact Mediaset is not usually sued
as such the producers are never always sued
but basically here there is
no talk yet of layoffs and things
like that but in the end there are changes that I
said that there were not going to be changes that there were not
going to be changes in Mediaset that
everyone was talking about that if you erase Prado he was going to
move and in the end this is how you see
eh
yes you see the blacklist it is a
big change
the layoffs well the layoffs are
decisions that I don't know the reasons for
But this of  ethical code is that
basically It is that
the ethical code
is that the ethical code is to save me
without more worth
[Music]